[DataGrid] Add `resetPageOnSortFilter` prop that resets the page after sorting/filtering (#16450)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/pagination/pagination.md

This means you have to give the rows of all pages to the Data Grid.
If your dataset is too big, and you want to fetch the pages on demand, you can use server-side pagination.

> :::warning

Author: I used warning here and info on the filter/sort pages as combining this is more important when you have partial data than when you just sort the whole dataset when you have client-side pagination

Reviewer: Makes sense re: `warning` here. I think of the warning callout as a way to say "you could encounter problems if you don't take this into consideration."

> Enabling server-side pagination means that the Data Grid is provided with the partial data. In most cases you still want to sort and filter on the whole dataset which means that you need to use [Server-side filter](/x/react-data-grid/filtering/server-side/) and [Server-side sorting](/x/react-data-grid/sorting/#server-side-sorting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable server-side pagination with no other server-side features, then the Data Grid will only be provided with partial data for filtering and sorting. 
To be able to work with the entire dataset, you must also implement [server-side filtering](/x/react-data-grid/filtering/server-side/) and [server-side sorting](/x/react-data-grid/sorting/#server-side-sorting).
```
